---
title: Tears and Rain
---

It was a rainy night. Inside, the air was filled with a mix of wet clothes, sweat, spilled beer and the oppressive feeling of the lack of oxygen. A group of students sat in the corner by the window, enjoying their third round of beer, already. The noise level rose with the number of pints they drank, until they finally left for another party at one of their friend's houses. After the door closed behind the last lurching student, the dim, flickering street lights in front of the windows added a tightening feeling to the fading joyful atmosphere in the bar.

Sue sat on the most uncomfortable chair in the bar and stared into the face that was reflected by the half empty bottle of rum behind the counter. She drank the last bit of her cocktail while listening to Francis' words. "What did I do wrong? Why me? Don't let me go!". Those words hammered into her head again and again but she couldn't find an answer.

Francis entered the embassy on Nine Elms Lane at sharp eight in the morning. The same faces had been greeting him every morning for the past four months when he put his phone, wallet and keys into the plastic tray, handed it to the grumpy security officer, and stepped through the metal detector. It just took him a few days until he got rid of the hiking boots and the belt, which seemed to have some kind of metal in them and made the detector go off and put an even grumpier look on the face of the security officer.

At home in the U.S. he did his apprenticeship with a tech company, hired by the U.S. government. And when the job opening in the embassy in London came in, he saw a once in a lifetime opportunity and kind of cheated his way in. He was supposed to forward the job offer to some of his colleagues, which he sure did; but not before his application was sent out to his boss a good few hours in advance. He surely appreciated the chances he was given with a job in the government. But after such a long time feeling restrained, going away for a while and finding his true self became his priority.

"I will leave you now.", he stuttered. "Promise me to never look for me ever again." A tear, shiny from the lights of the candles on the table, rolled down his face. Siobhan closed her eyes for just a moment. When she opened them again, only a single face was reflected in the half filled bottle of rum. She wiped the tear from her face. And finally, she was alone.